README.md, before:

# Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model
### Simulation of a Geometric Brownian Motion (Java)
---

**Ester HLAVNOVA, May 2017**

This program contains an **Option Pricing Calculator** based on the Black-Scholes formula and generates **simulation of Geometric Brownian Motion**. Additionally, based on the input parameters from the user, the program can also calculate implied volatility as well as Greeks, and display a diagram of option payoff and volatility smile. All calculated and simulated outputs are a well-known concept in the field of quantitative finance and derivative contracts, and are using into great extent the parameters from the Black-Scholes formula. Moreover, user has the possibility to obtain an introduction to derivatives and test his knowledge in a GUI implemented quiz.

## Modules

### 1 - Introduction to Calls and Puts
 - Slides
 - Quizz

### Demo
![gif animation](https://github.com/EsterHlav/Black-Scholes-Option-Pricing-Model/raw/master/QuizzHD.gif "overview")

### 2 - Computation
 - Computing the Option Price
 - Computing the Implied Volatility
 - Computing the Greeks

### 3 - Simulation
 - Geometric Brownian Motion
 - Payoff/Value Diagram
 - Volatility Smile

### Demo
![gif animation](https://github.com/EsterHlav/Black-Scholes-Option-Pricing-Model/raw/master/OptionPricing.gif "overview")

## Run the code
In directory ```/Code/```.

To compile:
```bash
$ javac OptionPricing.java
```

To run:
```bash
$ java OptionPricing
```

Commit message:

link to explanations pdf added

README.md, after:

# Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model
### Simulation of a Geometric Brownian Motion (Java)
---

**Ester HLAVNOVA, May 2017**

This program contains an **Option Pricing Calculator** based on the Black-Scholes formula and generates **simulation of Geometric Brownian Motion**. Additionally, based on the input parameters from the user, the program can also calculate implied volatility as well as Greeks, and display a diagram of option payoff and volatility smile. All calculated and simulated outputs are a well-known concept in the field of quantitative finance and derivative contracts, and are using into great extent the parameters from the Black-Scholes formula. Moreover, user has the possibility to obtain an introduction to derivatives and test his knowledge in a GUI implemented quiz.

For more detailed information on the program's structure and the underlying mathematics used, please report to **[Explanations.pdf](https://github.com/EsterHlav/Black-Scholes-Option-Pricing-Model/blob/master/Explanations.pdf)**

---

## Modules

### 1 - Introduction to Calls and Puts
 - Slides
 - Quizz

### Demo
![gif animation](https://github.com/EsterHlav/Black-Scholes-Option-Pricing-Model/raw/master/QuizzHD.gif "overview")

### 2 - Computation
 - Computing the Option Price
 - Computing the Implied Volatility
 - Computing the Greeks

### 3 - Simulation
 - Geometric Brownian Motion
 - Payoff/Value Diagram
 - Volatility Smile

### Demo
![gif animation](https://github.com/EsterHlav/Black-Scholes-Option-Pricing-Model/raw/master/OptionPricing.gif "overview")

## Run the code
In directory ```/Code/```.

To compile:
```bash
$ javac OptionPricing.java
```

To run:
```bash
$ java OptionPricing
```
